coursier: add new documentation pages (#9728)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cs-fetch.md

# cs fetch

> Fetch fetches the JARs of one or more dependencies.
> More information: <https://get-coursier.io/docs/cli-fetch>.

- Fetch a specific version of a jar:

`cs fetch {{groupId}}:{{artifactId}}:{{artifactVersion}}`

- Fetch a package and evaluate the classpath corresponding to the selected package in an env var:

`CP="$(cs fetch --classpath org.scalameta::scalafmt-cli:latest.release)"`

- Fetch the source jar:

`cs fetch --sources {{groupId}}:{{artifactId}}:{{artifactVersion}}`

- Fetch the javadoc jars:

`cs fetch --javadoc {{groupId}}:{{artifactId}}:{{artifactVersion}}`

> - Fetch dependency with javadoc jars and source jars:
> 
> `cs fetch --default=true --sources --javadoc {{groupId}}:{{artifactId}}:{{artifactVersion}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetch dependency with javadoc jars and source jars:

`cs fetch --default={{true}} --sources --javadoc {{group_id}}:{{artifact_id}}:{{artifact_version}}`
```

Almost the same issue as above.
Mandatory fix: unexpected `true` boolean literal, placeholder expected.

Author: without the `true` the behaviour is exactly the previous one, so it is the only meaningful value to insert. If you don't do that it would not make any sense to specify the ``--default`` flat

> - Fetch jars coming from dependency files:
> 
> `cs fetch --dependency-file file_1 --dependency-file file_2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetch jars coming from dependency files:

`cs fetch {{--dependency-file path/to/file1 --dependency-file path/to/file2 ...}}`
```

Mandatory fix: [unexpected `--dependency-file` option, ellipsis placeholder expected](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#special-cases).
